Benjamin Netanyahu was recently
platformed on Jordan Peterson's channel.
This war criminal spewed lies,
misinformation, which we will
deconstruct in this episode.
The Prophet Muhammad
alayhi wasallam told us that whoever
builds a mosque for Allah, Allah will
build for him a similar house in Jannah.
And we know the great reward that will
not only be gained, but rather will fill
your grave after your death.
Whenever someone prays there, whenever
someone gives Shahada in the masjid,
whenever someone learns something in the
masjid. Yes.
That will be something that you have on
your scale.
As-salamu alaykum wa rahmatullahi wa
barakatuh. How are you doing?
as-salam wa rahmatullahi wa barakatuh.
How you doing? You okay? Alhamdulillah.
Alhamdulillah. Abdullah and Lucy, for
those who don't know, is a prolific
debater in the Muslim world. I don't
know how many debates you've done. Now,
maybe over a hundred now.
I I've I I lost count after 10. And what
And one other thing that you have done
is debate Zionism with Zionists.
Isn't that correct? And so, what we're
going to be doing today is we're going
to be reacting to the podcast between
Jordan Peterson and Benjamin Netanyahu,
uh dissecting the claims of this
charlatan, this war criminal, that was
left unchecked and unchallenged by
Jordan Peterson, which is absolutely
disappointing to say the least,
considering his uh interactions with the
Muslim community. And quite frankly,
when I looked at the the comments
and uh the engagements on this uh on
this particular video,
30,000 people commented, and it was
almost an 80 to 90%
disapproval rating from the people.
People really disliked it. And I was
very surprised to see
uh that What do you What do you think of
it? I I don't think I'm I wasn't
surprised at all. I think everyone sees
through the Mhm. the facade of Jordan
Peterson's
kind of
almost presumed or objectivity,
where he claimed at the beginning of the
interview that he would push back on
what Benjamin Netanyahu was saying and
ask critical questions, what have you.
And he didn't push back at all. If you
actually watch the whole interview, in
fact, when Benjamin Netanyahu was was
was just waxing lyrical about um his his
making points unchallenged,
um Jordan Peterson even sometimes helped
him. He said, "Oh, you forgot to mention
this." Even helped him. Like There's not
a single time he pushed back on
anything, despite him explicitly saying
he would push back. Well, I mean,
you know, um in the past, I've spoken to
Peterson twice, actually. And he uh
right and uh good to say that what he
said about the Prophet Muhammad alayhi
wasallam being a warlord was
injudicious, in his words. It was
a lack of judgment. But if we're talking
about warlords here, I mean, uh this is
an individual, Netanyahu, who I remember
on the news coming out. I'm talking
about Gaza and saying, "We want to
conquer
conquests of Gaza." In the modern age of
the UN and all these kind of things.
What Tell us a bit about who this
Netanyahu is. Why do we feel so
emotional about this guy?
Well, uh Netanyahu represents a uh a
hawkish a a more hawkish um
kind of Israeli response uh to uh
Palestinian defiance. Yes. Um so, we've
seen increased numbers of settlements,
accelerations of the
building of settlements on West Bank,
uh which are basically virtually
exclusively only for Jews, not not even
for Israeli
uh Arabs. Yeah. Um we see the bombing of
Gaza regularly. Mhm. Uh we see
provocations on the Temple Mount.
Uh we see um extrajudicial killings of
Palestinians that do not get answered by
by the courts. Uh we see arbitrary
military rule in the West Bank in um
Area C, where Palestinians are subject
to military ordinances. They don't even
get to decide their laws, and they get
evicted. We see high levels of evictions
of Palestinians out off of their homes
and properties under his watch. Mhm. So,
he's Of all the the prime ministers
that's ever been in Israel, he
represents one of the worst kinds of
worst of the worst. Mhm. And that's
that's saying something, considering the
history of Israeli prime ministers.
Well, I I think after this uh particular
thing, you know, came out and I saw his
face with Jordan Peterson's face, I'll
be honest with you.
It was disgust when I saw him and
disappointment, then also I there was a
bit of um
the opportunist in me
uh started to actually
activate, if you like. And I thought to
myself, "So, between me and one of the
biggest enemies
of the Muslim world today is one man who
I've spoken to and I've had personal
relationship with.
And I'm sure that they're going to be
watching this video. I'm 100% sure that
those individuals Daily Wire and uh you
know, Ben Shapiro and and Netanyahu
himself, I it would not be far away from
me to assume that Netanyahu himself, who
got, you know, 700,000 views, uh which
is which is much less than one would
have expected uh in the podcast with
Peterson,
and with an 80% disapproval rating with
a right-wing uh audience, which is even
more surprising,
uh is watching this as well. Let's go
through some of the main points of what
he said and react to them in kind,
should we?
Uh unfortunately, it's going to be it's
quite a few. Um I was disappointed in
Jordan Peterson because Mhm. I mean,
okay, look here. He knows he he does
He's in He's psychiatry and psychology.
He's very well versed in that. He's He's
very He's achieved. He's accomplished.
He's a He's a writer and all those
things.
And he's venturing out into an area that
he doesn't really know, which he admits.
Um but if you are going to venture into
a a new theme or area, no harm in doing
so. At least do your homework. Uh
He didn't seem to reference or give any
indication of any knowledge of any
counterpoints to anything that Benjamin
Netanyahu said, not reading any of the
many Israeli authors
who've criticized Zionism, who've
criticized the Israeli government, uh or
or any Palestinian writings,
um or or any even historians who are a
bit more neutral or objective than
Benjamin Netanyahu's brand of of of
history would
Mhm. uh
would would would call for. We saw
nothing. We simply saw him he admitted
that he had some ignorance in it.
Although he did he read Benjamin
Netanyahu's book called Bibi, I think it
was.
Uh so, he read he read one book, and
that was sufficient for him uh to go
into uh the discussion. He reminded me
when he engaged um Slavoj Žižek
on Marxism
and socialism, and he just read
uh kind of like Karl Marx's Manifesto,
as if that's the only book Karl Marx
ever read, and then felt that he was
confident enough to debate
a
uh a a a socialist academic who's highly
acclaimed, uh world-famous academic, on
the nuances of socialism and Marxism.
So, the question is, why is Jordan
Peterson, who is used to academic rigor
in his field, he knows what it looks
like. He knows what it looks like to be
objective
in scientific investigations, uh as much
as much as you can concerning the the
the human psyche and the mind. He knows
what that looks like, and yet
on these other areas.
honest with you. I I I I think that
uh Jordan Peterson and the Zionist
issue, right? He's not a heavyweight of
the issue, and he knows it. He's not one
of the guys that's going to come out.
And
quite frankly, if someone beats him on
this issue from, let's say, the
pro-Palestinians, like I would consider
it to be a worthless victory. Because
it's like he's not one of the guys
that's been coming out and debating like
yourself, uh coming out talking to
prominent speakers and academics from
the other side. And so, uh quite
frankly, I I think that the attention
should be put to those colleagues of
his, okay, who are who have been making
an argument. People like Ben Shapiro,
people like Netanyahu, who today will
going to be dealing with. Because quite
frankly, those are the ones who are
making the arguments. Those are the ones
who are writing the books. Those are the
ones who,
if you want to have a fight with
someone, you want to have the fight with
the best ones.
Uh Jordan Peterson, you know, this is
not a matter of uh
we're not talking about a clinical
psychological issue here. So, once
again, he was used by the Daily Wire.
And I think the Daily Wire should take
responsibility for actually damaging his
reputation, quite frankly. Because
they've they've now damaged his
reputation from his own standards.
And I think
not a puppet, you know? Like he should
know better.
Um Yeah, but if
If he's being used
this point. Consider Consider this
point, though.
If you think you have a right-wing
right audience or something like that,
and you and you're you've got an Israeli
politician, how do you know that 36,000
people commenting, 80% of them are going
to really hate what you say? Think of it
from his perspective. And then when you
when you put up a Instagram post, you
know, 90% of the people are
disliking him. I think he
underestimated, quite ironically, the
extent to which he appealed or
transcended the right wing. And now that
very reality is coming back to haunt
him, because those individuals who are
subscribers and fans of his are not
going to have this kind of this kind of
guy coming out and speaking
the way he has about Palestine. Um I I
actually think that Jordan Peterson
actually should have known better. He
knew that Benjamin Netanyahu is a is a
controversial character, to say the
least. He even cited controversy. He
said that there's a amongst young
people, cuz he he's he's cited in that
interview that young people take a more
pro-Palestinian view. I mean, in the
academic circles in Western universities
in the West. Mhm. So, clearly he had an
agenda, or he was part of an agenda
between the right wing and left wing um
in in the West. Maybe he should have
looked at this stuff.
I'm not sure if you remember the time
when I spoke to Piers and he had
Jonathan this I forget his surname, but
he had his friend Jonathan with him and
then he he was talking to me about why I
was protesting. Maybe he should have got
he should have gotten Jonathan to sit
there and ask the hard questions if you
know Or the the Catholic Yeah.
Or or the equivalent of Jonathan like
someone who knows something about the
the Palestinian issue should have gotten
this guy to your right and start
speaking about okay well what about this
what about Gaza what about the fact that
Netanyahu what was in his time
premiership as a prime minister of
Israel he's the longest reigning prime
minister he oversaw indiscriminate
killing shelling of major apartment
blocks where there's children being
killed
indiscriminately as you mentioned the
settlement issues we're talking about
people being pried out of their homes
kicked out new buildings being put this
is unbelievable. Bombing bombing of the
media bombing of like Jordan Peterson
prides himself in freedom of the media
advocating for that and yet Israel bombs
media facilities buildings which were
designated for the media in Gaza yeah.
And and quite frankly you know
Jordan Peterson has been on the record
speaking about Stalin and these guys in
the past.
But Netanyahu I mean
he's one of them quite he's
I say he's worse he's worse than them he
is worse than them he's going to these
places dropping bomb boom boom boom on
big apartment blocks with the children
being killed.
And it's this is asymmetrical power and
stuff like that and and Gaza for those
who don't know Gaza is completely what
what's happening in Gaza now it is the
most densely populated area in the world
because they're not allowed to go in or
out these individuals
it's a prison it's the biggest open
prison in the world today and there's
not even one question about what about
the people in Gaza?
How is this
how can this be? Well well Jordan
Peterson talks about gulags and you know
how what the Soviets did to create these
prison camps and things like this and of
course the Nazis and so on and so forth.
Exactly.
What do you notice about a what's the
first thing that you notice when you
when you're being taken to a prison
camp? What's the first thing that you
notice about the prison camp right? It's
the walls. That's right. The walls that
keep people in. He should he well he
went to
to to Palestine and he should have seen
the West Bank all those walls and barbed
wire and machine gun fences and turret
turrets and so on and so forth.
Equivalent to the the gulags that the
Soviet Union
created. I don't know if if if genuinely
we got the pictures of the children who
were killed by this man.
We showed him the pictures this is a
person under the rubble this is the
woman crying screaming for her child you
know. This is this is another one this
is another one this is another one and
this is a person being kicked out of
their home.
And this is a person this is if we
showed it to him
could it change his mind could it make
him change could it make him different
it doesn't matter at this point I don't
care because quite frankly as I've said
before
we want we want the we want the big fish
here we want the big fish in this
debate.
You know so let's go through some of the
things that we
Well like
I mean watching it was watching it was
very hard I'll be honest yeah. Because
when I mean not just Benjamin Netanyahu
who with a straight face can talk about
justice not despite the many
faces of children that
that have been slain by him that we
we've seen on the news
and and not necessarily mainstream
Western media news unfortunately
not just that but even the
the part of me that favors just factual
accuracy right
so not just my heart but even just a
part of me that favors factual accuracy
was grossly offended. He was lying
blatantly Yes he was Jordan Peterson.
And at one point he was like you know I
don't want to misquote him here but he
was saying like people haven't really
attacked him on the basis of facts.
I mean
like
Benjamin Netanyahu's
books are comical um
there's been loads of refutations
of the the claims in those books he just
reiterates them rehashes the same
rubbish that Zionists have come out with
and it's not an issue of that is that is
disputed amongst academic circles these
are clear cut
facts of of of history and background
um Let's let's go through some of them
so what what give me some some most
egregious ones that you think then. Well
he starts out by first discussing
some kind of legitimacy behind
the government of Israel's right to be
to create to be created and and
dominate Palestine
and even undermining as they would
usually do you know why call it
Palestine you know that's a new term
it's a new phrase and so on and so
forth.
And all that is not true and he starts
out basically arguing as as who owned it
first that you who owned it first the
Palestinians came later they're Arab an
Arab invasion came in and what a
ridiculous discussion. It's so So so so
the natives should should have a
discussion about this you know let's
open the discussion about the natives
and maybe the Anglo-Saxons and maybe the
Normans. You know
the irony brother is
it's it's
it's completely unlike he portrays it's
ironic the history so
before I I kind of wax lyrical about
that let's just
rewind and and just deal with it you
know on an intellectual basis.
Yeah. Um
because I think we need to kind of
address it objectively so
if we go by the biblical account okay
just by the biblical and Benjamin
Netanyahu cites the Bible cites the Old
Testament or or the Tanakh.
So he says that basically he doesn't
discuss oh wait a second how did the
Israelites ever get to Canaan which was
the the first name for that land is
Canaan or at least that we have in in in
the the earliest mentions is Canaan
Canaan. Okay how did they get there were
they always there it doesn't mention
that of course if we were going to look
at it from a secular perspective just a
secular perspective like okay
and you take the the Tanakh to be honest
that Bible to be an honest account or
you trust it
they were invaders the Canaanites were
basically indigenous people they're
living there. Um
they had a beliefs that they were pagans
their head god was called El
and people then will say that's kind of
similar to the the term that is used for
God in monosemitic languages and and in
Judaism Islam and so on and so forth
Allah or Eloah right
but they had maybe brought these
partners in and worship other partners
besides that the what was then we call
the head god right they brought other
partners in. Anyway that's their
religion but they were Canaanites they
were living there Semitic peoples
so you had these
according to the Bible you had these
Israelites who came in invaded from the
east they actually went around the south
and went to the east they began an
invasion and they were told to massacre
people and and not just kill the men and
like offer terms of
surrender no wipe out men women and
children even at one some places the
oxen and the and the you know the cows
and what have you right
so that's where that's their entrance
into the land of of Canaan
according to the Bible which Benjamin
Netanyahu kind of relies upon.
Look at the historical record
ironically
who controlled Canaan for hundreds of
years prior to any recorded Israelite
occupation by the archaeology well it
was the ancient Egyptians actually
controlled Canaan up until about 1200 BC
then there was something called the
Bronze Age collapse where a bunch of
civilizations in the region collapsed
for all faced strife and turmoils
and then the ancient Egyptians kind of
like let Canaan go
and let the regional rulers of Canaan
just kind of who were previously vassals
to them just let them take over and
that's what happened and then suddenly
around about 1200 So there's a Canaanite
that came today and said we want to
establish our state again.
Well well you see that the funny thing
is there are Canaanites okay we just
don't call them that anymore well I'll
get to that no no spoilers okay all
right so
what we see is that there is an early
mention of something called
the the
the Ibri or the Ivrit who was
basically the Hebrews mentioned in an
Egyptian
an Egyptian steel which is like a
stone carving around about 1200 BC
that's when they suddenly they just pop
into existence there we see then
settlements which were identifiably
Israelites just pop into around East
Palestine.
When was this what were we talking about
what year is So so 1200 BC that's
basically 3200 years ago now Benjamin
Netanyahu said that they've got evidence
for 3500 years that's that's wrong out
by 300 but I'm not going to hold him to
that I'm not going to be nitpicking. Um
No that's 300 years is a long time. Well
yeah he said yeah he said that there
were there was even earlier evidence
yeah
300 years what can happen in 300 years
and he was saying that he was not being
you know
he's not being challenged on his facts
that's a major fact to me
true true but I said okay I'm going to
be generous
I'm going to be generous and
so okay allow the 300 years but
but the we have the biblical account
that says obviously Ibrahim alayhis
salam has
a son Yaqub has then son Yusuf and these
it was alleged that we all believe that
he comes from Ur in modern day southern
Iraq he he migrates over to Canaan and
then his children then eventually Jacob
lives in and so Yusuf lives in Egypt and
then has descendants right that's the
origin of the tribes of Israel okay so
they're not Canaanites they were never
according to the Bible they never
they've never been Canaanites they were
they were just passing through and they
multiplied in Egypt all right they
settled in Egypt they multiplied.
Yeah. Okay and then they invaded Canaan
okay according to the biblical account
According to archaeological account, if
you don't want to
uh use the Bible as a reference, you
surely secularize, let's just say. Um
Israelite
uh settlements pop up um in where we
modern-day West Bank
uh basically in about 1200. Okay.
Um now
interestingly, and this will become
useful interestingly, the name that
would become Palestine uh comes from um
an Egyptian word called uh
Peleshet.
Uh
or or or or uh or P R S T is is all
these are consonants. Used to describe
uh a people that were d- believed to be
invaders into the land of of um where
Gaza is and and a bit north of that,
called the Philistines. Yeah. All right.
They they're believed to be maybe people
from Crete. Yeah. And they invaded they
had like a um feathers coming out
feather hats and
they brought pottery uh which is
typically Greek pottery. Mhm.
Anyway.
So, the interestingly is a funny thing.
Why do I mention that?
Well, because the um
Israelites would call them invaders Mhm.
even though these guys only came 50
years after the Israelites. Mhm. So,
they just came 50 years a bit later,
right?
Oh, but they're invaders. Well, then but
you're invaders, too. You just came 50
years you were, you know, ahead of them,
right? Mhm. But anyway,
the reason why it's interesting is
because
the name for the land would then be be
used as as as Palestine, right? Where
they where they come from. And why do
designers want to deny
being called Palestine? Why do they say
it must be called Israel?
The land
the the name of the actual land itself
has never been called Israel.
Of course.
Even in the time of the kingdom of
Israel. Yeah. Do you know why? And this
is this is one of these obvious truths
that people don't realize is
the name of a land is different to the
the people who control it. So, this is
you could call this England, land of the
Angles, right? But it's actually the um
Britannia. Yeah. The name of the of the
island is Britannia, but the area of the
jurisdiction of a particular bunch of
tribes of people are the This is land
belongs to the Angles.
All right? It's not the same thing. Mhm.
So, the land of Canaan was called Canaan
by all the regional powers before the
Israelites turned up.
Then the next name that it was called
was by Greeks and Romans, but most by
ancient Greeks, Herodotus, in around 500
uh sorry, in the early 6th century BC,
who he names it by the people who are
facing the coast,
which are the Philistines, is their
nickname. So, they call it
Palaestina or or or or Philistia, where
where whatever pronunciation.
So, that became the second name for the
actual land itself.
But in terms of the the the word Israel,
Israel is the name of the tribe or
tribes.
And even in the uh in Zionist literature
and in uh the Bible, it's called Eretz
Israel, land of the tribe of Israel, not
Israel. Mhm. You see? So, this land
belongs to the You had the Moabites who
was who's the land of the Moabites, the
land of the [__] These were tribes
that were all
in the area, but they were living on
Canaan. The land's called Canaan, but
their jurisdictional area, they'll say
this is this land belongs to this tribe,
that tribe. So, the land has never been
actually called Israel.
Wow. Right? Yeah. And it's one of these
shocking facts that um Mhm. uh people
people forget. So, that's
that's the history.
Israelites were invaders. Mhm. Um and
they the I'll say I'll tell you a second
shocking fact, right? So, then they say,
"Okay, okay.
So, we were invaders." They they might
say. All right?
But we've been there so long now. It's
been like what, 3,200 years so like so
we own it now, right? It belongs to us.
Uh well, firstly, that also isn't true.
Okay?
In fact, the real historical facts will
shock you and it's not even it's not
even hard to find or controversial. Just
think about it, okay? Okay. So,
let's say that we take the 1200 BC as
the date that we see the earliest
archaeological evidence for Israelites,
1200 BC, fine.
Uh
at around 7th century BC, they get
kicked out by the Babylonians. They they
go away for about 50, 60, 70 years and
they come back.
Um but then around 70 AD or uh the um
or or or yeah, 70 or CE as it should be
called Common Era.
Uh the Romans there's there's a massive
uprising. Romans basically decimate um
uh
uh Palestine and they they many Jews are
kicked out. They they they go out around
the world. They spread. There were
following revolts afterwards and that
led to more expulsions.
Most of them not really expulsions by
Roman policy, but when the when the
land's devastated, burnt to a crisp,
literally, uh
there's no point staying anymore. You'll
just you'll starve. You have to go
around the world. Okay, that's around 70
around 70 um CE. Okay, so then let's
make calculations, okay?
From 70 CE to to uh let's say the 19th
century when you saw Jewish
Ashkenazi Jewish immigration. Ashkenazi
are uh Jews that live in Europe or who
settled in Europe, for example, um
uh you've got Italian, which are Italian
Jews, and you've got Sephardis, which
are like Spanish Jews, and you've got um
uh Mizrahi Jews, which are
Arab Jews, basically. Um
so, they the ones who are subject to all
kinds of racist attacks in Israel. But
yeah, basically, there was a yeah,
that's a different discussion.
Yeah, of course. Um
it's like hierarchy of racism in Israel,
basically. Anyway, so, what you see is
uh all these these these uh
uh Jews settled in multiple areas after
the Roman devastations due to uprising,
all right?
Um but then if you do the calculations,
uh from 1200 BC uh to around 70 CE,
okay? So, you're getting
deducting maybe 60, 70 years due to an
exile, right? You're you're pretty much
getting roughly around
1,000
200 years, okay? Well, that sounds
pretty pretty solid.
But then from around 70 CE to what, like
the 1900s? Yeah, you'll get
making concessions for subsequent
revolts, remaining Jews that were there.
You get roughly them being in the land
about a thou- them being out of the land
1,700
years. Mhm.
They've spent more time the Ashkenazim,
Sephardi, Mizrahi Mhm. cuz Palestinian
Jews that were there They've spent more
time outside the land than inside.
They've spent more
uh their ancestors have spent more time
outside the land than they ever spent
inside the land in their entire
ancestral history. Wow.
And that gives them more ownership? If
anything, that gives them that gives
Ashkenazim Jews more ownership in
Germany or more ownership in Sephardis
in Spain and so so forth. I mean like
let's say this country that we're living
in now. I mean every kid that goes to
school knows that we, you know, you had
the
uh 1066 uh Battle of Hastings and this
kind of Norman be
uh you know, invasions and things like
invasions and stuff like that or William
the Conqueror and all that kind of
stuff, right?
Have you how comical, laughable, how
much of a joke would it be
if some French guy came on TV or
something or some guy who, let's say,
from the Scandinavian countries
and start saying, "Look, we have
ownership of cuz we've always been in
this land. We've been here before you
guys were." For example, or England as
it was known before the Anglo-Saxons,
what was it? And then some, you know,
groups come and start speaking about
this. Yeah. It's it's this conversation
can only and will only be had with this
particular issue. And the reason why is
because there's a historical clutching
at straws here, I think. I mean, no
one's having this discussion with the
Native Americans. Okay, well, if this
discussion was normal, right? So, let's
talk about the fact that you have in
Jordan Peterson's country the First
Nations.
Okay, they were there before the white
man came along, didn't it? Wasn't wasn't
it? So, okay, let's talk about let's
have let's open up a discussion about
whether the white man should have come
to Canada and what kind of rights he has
to come to Canada and so on. It's
laughable.
And in fact
Yeah. I mean
If if in fact, I mean, they invaded the
land in a way and they they went against
their treaties a thousand times, both
the Americans and so on. They have no
authority. They They really don't, they?
They have no legitimacy to be there. No
legitimacy whatsoever. Zero.
They overtook the land by force.
So, let's just call a spade a spade.
You know, this discussion is a smoke
screen.
This whole discussion is a red herring,
if you like. I think this whole
discussion is the fact that they're
talking about ancient history, talk
about a modern state.
Is a smoke screen, is a red herring, is
Netanyahu trying his best to appeal
to the ancestral roots, to the
historical memories of Jewish people,
for example, for the you know, of
Christians and so on.
And for to try and evade the reality
that this guy is a mass murderer. This
guy's dropping bombs on apartment
buildings.
This guy is killing kids. This guy is
taking women and children of that out of
the house and tells them to go home. Go
to another country. Go to another
country and Arab world. Look how big the
Arab world is. This is the kind of
conversations we're having here. But you
see, smoke screen though it might be,
these lies kill.
They do. It's because of the claim that
they're not colonialists. Yes.
That they're just coming back to get
what's theirs. And so then that means by
default that they're implying that the
Palestinians are thieves and squatters.
Yeah, that's exactly what he
And Exactly what he said. Yeah. And any
resistance they offer is not only
unjust, but could be a pretext to be met
with force. I want to know though if if
that's what it is. If we're talking
about British common law and all the
kind of thing that pertains to I think
it was what I mean one of his worst
moments.
Uh British common law and this and
squatting and this kind of whatever the
the conversation he had.
If that is a conversation we can have
now, can we open the dossier, historical
dos dossier of uh
American white Americans being thieves
and squatters?
Can we say now that the the white
American is essentially a thief and a
squatter? That's what he is. Oh
well certainly um
and but what they'll say is well what's
done is done. Um Okay. Well And and he
was
but he was he was even wrong about
English law common law anyway. He said
he might muck it up and indeed he did.
Um so he said that if a people so
Benjamin Netanyahu said that if um if
you come to a a land that's desolate, he
was claiming Palestine was desolate in
the 19th century. Yes. And you build it
up and you develop it, it becomes yours.
Yes. Um
and so then Jordan Peterson uh pushing
back
just agreed and said yeah that's
something in English law.
That you know that uh that that allows
you to something you could you could do
something like that if you I think pound
for pound for pound Canada is probably
one of the most derelict places in the
world. Pound for pound. Yeah of course
it's massive and
you know it's huge and there's no who's
there? Sorry to say 30 million people 40
million people. It's like the population
of Morocco. Well well people in
Greenland should be scared now cuz
they're going to get invaded in the
anytime anyone who could just say I here
you go I've come I've made a I've made a
McDonald's on your land now I own it.
Yeah exactly. Um so anyway so like the
point the point is that um these are
lies that kill. The argument about
ancestry ancestral um presence there is
is is a bad argument in many many many
ways. Um it's historically it's a
historical anyway.
The the they are he argued Benjamin
Netanyahu argued that the Arabs were the
colonialists. Mhm. Okay. He said that
they came in the 7th century. Mhm.
Right? And they came and they kicked out
the Jewish farmer.
Which are blatant lies. I was
uh sometimes you're I mean you expect
lies from people.
But to lie so brazenly about something
so easily disprovable. Unbelievable,
isn't it?
It's it's shocking cuz we know that the
standard policy of them in the Muslim
expansions was never to disrupt the
anyone that living in any of of these
lands. It was Roman under the Roman
control anyway.
And you know what else? So sorry to cut
you off.
I gave Jordan Peterson a gift actually
right before we started that discussion.
It was it didn't come on the thing. But
it was a preaching of Islam by Thomas
Arnold Walker.
And I told him before we started I said
you know this is an Orientalist writing
this book. And this is an Orientalist in
the say 19th century 18th 19th 20th
century whatever it is, yeah.
100 years ago.
And you know he's not affected by
wokeism or liberalism. So I said read it
and see about this Islamic expansion is.
Because if you
exactly the point you just made, you
know. Is he makes this point on Thomas
Arnold Walker that when when when the
Muslims went into these countries, when
they went back into Jerusalem on Omar
ibn al-Khattab for example
that they were not uh forced to be
converted. They were not kicked out of
their lands or anything like that. This
stuff is clear even in Orientalist
literature. But Jews Jews were banned by
the Romans from residing in Jerusalem.
Yes. Um uh from a prior revolt uh Omar
ibn al-Khattab reversed that. He let
Jews back in Jerusalem. And also there
was Jewish uh
some Jewish tribes in Arabia.
Um he allowed them to be relocated to
Yeriha which is Jericho in Palestine. So
he actually brought Omar ibn al-Khattab
the second caliph of the of the of the
Muslims after the Prophet Muhammad uh
right? Yeah. Um brought Mhm.
brought was he a second caliph? Um he
brought Jews into Palestine. Let them go
back let them come back into Palestine.
Absolutely. I mean it wasn't under the
supposed liberal policy of let's bring
Jews in, but it was the case showing
that if they want to live there, let
them live there.
Absolutely. So Muslims never had they
wouldn't didn't kick out Jews. Uh we
brought Jews back in. And you know what?
This leads to the this leads to the the
second biggest lie of Benjamin
Netanyahu's um discussion which Jordan
Peterson again just did not
um push back on which is that Arabs um
or Arabic speak just because people in
Palestine speak Arab. And they're called
Arabs cuz you know anyone that speaks
Arabic is is called an Arab.
That they only came in the 7th uh 6th or
7th century is completely false. I I
mean I mean I you can if you if you
really don't want to take the history
book's word for it. Uh genetic tests
will show anyone a Palestinian Lebanese
um Judean Syrian uh they have genetic um
connections to 4,000 year old bodies
Canaanite bodies.
And that was the population of the land,
isn't
Well that's one of the bombshells, but
but before I get into that one um
what happened was that
uh
Palestine was mixed with non-Jews since
even the time of the Israelite
invasions. There's always been non-Jews
amongst
amongst Jews. Well I'll say Israelites
cuz they were all the tribes of Israel
as well.
Uh they've always have been mixed. Um
when the due to the the revolts and what
have you Romans clamped down, but even
before that during the Alexander
invasion of
Alexander the Great, uh there was Greeks
living amongst them or Greek speakers
living amongst them. It was a mix mix of
ethnicities always has been. Mix of
ethnicities amongst them. When the
Romans occupied it again more
cosmopolitan more mix of people living
there.
Uh so there's been a mix.
Not all of them are going to be
Israelite. And amongst Israelites not
all of them are Jewish.
So from that there are people then when
the Romans came when the Romans became
Christian, many Jews became Christian.
Okay? And then from those who then
became Christian their descendants when
Islam came
they became
Muslim. Mhm. There were still
they were still Jews converting to Islam
even recorded
until even the 19th century. The
Ottomans noticed it. There were people
not under any compulsion. It was whole
villages that were left basically
autonomously. And then one family would
convert to Islam and then they'd start a
chain reaction of conversions. Um
you'd also get people who were
um who who were non-Jews but were were
Israelites Samaritans which are
which are the remains of the remaining
10 tribes of Israel. Whereas Jews are
mixed with the last of of two tribes,
but mostly the Judean tribe or tribe of
Judea. Or Judah basically. Uh
they would be called Jews. But you had
Samaritans um who converted to Islam.
Those that stayed behind and didn't
convert to Islam and didn't didn't
didn't accept
the tribe of Judah's authority and and
kept their own Torah which is a
different version to the the Torah
the Jewish Torah.
So this was all going on
um in Palestine. It's a mix.
Many Jews became Muslim. And then when
they became Muslim and they're they're
speaking Arabic, they're just called
Arabs. Mhm. All right? Mhm. And then
when
uh obviously when the British took over
Palestine, they encountered a a mixed
people with a mixed heritage all over
the place. But Palestine is a
crossroads. There's been people
intermixing all the time.
That's a good point, right? It's a
really good point. I
I'll just show you some ironies of this
intermixing. They mentioned oh there's
um a famous uh activist person activist
called I think
Muna El-Kurd and uh
um and and her brother. Yeah.
So
uh they say oh they their name is
Kurdish, right? They're they're they're
Kurds. They're not they're not
They yeah? They
Zionists argued Zionists argued they're
not real Palestinians. Really? They're
they're Kurds, right? They're the
typical Kurds.
Um
well that maybe you know a Kurdish
person came over intermarried the
locals. But when you intermarry the
locals you become one of the locals, you
know. You don't but your name might stay
behind. But even then even if they were
Kurdish just to show you how intermixed
the Middle East is, right? For anyone
who's watching who's from the West and
just doesn't know what the Middle East
is all about, right? Inter Middle East
is mixed always has been. Um when
Kurdish DNA was investigated, they
discovered a high degree of Israelite
DNA. Why? Because when um
Kingdom of Israel split into two
factions, you had the the north faction
that called itself Israel which is
confusing. Um or but they were called
the nicknamed the the
Kingdom of Samaria.
And then the south was Judah.
Right? This north got destroyed by the
Assyrians. And the people were taken
into captivity by the Assyrians which is
where the Kurds are today. That's where
the Assyrian empire is. Right? And again
they intermixed.
These people then just became Kurds or
just were Kurds eventually.
And so many Kurds are Israelite
in their ancestry.
So technically speaking Muna El-Kurd is
just coming back home if she is
because of the intermix but that's the
thing that's the intermixing. If you
look at the DNA tests okay now now we're
going back to DNA test, yeah.
There was there's multiple studies done
on
on Ashkenazi Jews
Mizrahi Jews Arab Jews um Palestinians
and Lebanese and so on. And then they
noticed things which I think everyone
common sense would tell you. Which is
Palestinians
uh Lebanese Mizrahi Jews have much more
in common
than Ashkenazi Jews.
Really really? They because now
not saying Ashkenazi Jews are not I
don't have any connection to there, but
they've intermarried with Italians with
Germans for centuries.
Yes.
Okay? In some cases they're they're only
uh their DNA um is is uh um in one study
was only 50% from the Levant, whereas
the average Palestinian might is 70%
from 80% from the Levant. Uh They did
studies on They They found old bodies of
Canaanites from 4,000 years old. Not Not
Not 3,200 years or 3,500 years according
to Benjamin Netanyahu, 4,000 years.
Again, about 80 90% match to Canaanites.
Palestinian Lebanese. Yeah, because
everyone's been intermarrying in that
region for centuries. So, it's just you
might have like foreigners come in and
intermarry the locals, but then their
children their children children their
children children become pretty much
part of the local DNA.
That's the futility of making a genetic
argument almost. I mean, that's what it
is. Our people. What do you mean by our
people? Do you Are you talking about
people that believe in a certain
religion? Because obviously Judaism for
like what is a Jew? A Jew is a is an
ethnic religious group. So, you've got
the religious component, but you also
got the ethnic component. But it seems
to me like when they talk about Jews,
especially in the political context,
they are speaking about the ethnic Jew.
They are speaking about the Jew that It
doesn't matter what he believes or what
she believes. Especially someone like
Netanyahu who is openly like, you know,
a pro-LGBTQ or whatever. Things that
would go against the Old Testament
corpus anyway. Uh brother, I will tell
you something Now, I'll tell you
something
further shocking. Mhm. It's about
current day Israeli law and the right to
the right to return. Okay?
Yes, the Aliyah law or whatever. So, the
point about when people talk about
ancestry, which you might see as like
what's the point about him cuz he went
on and on about ancestry. Yes.
Benjamin Netanyahu went on and on, my
ancestral right, my ancestral right.
Okay.
Uh well, firstly, um if the the vast
majority The majority of Jews in the
world are actually Ashkenazi Jews from
Germany or Italian um Italian Jews,
right?
Uh study after study has shown that
they're pretty much as much German and
as much um
uh Italian as they are Jewish, as they
are from the Levant, from Asham, from
from uh that area, genetically speaking.
So, they could claim They could make an
equal genetic or an ancestral claim to
Germany or Italy as they could anywhere
else. Yeah, so then why why does that
give uh Ashkenazim or Italian more right
than the Palestinian whose ancestor
ancestors have mostly been in that same
region for a longer point in time and
were probably Jews that maybe they were
Jewish Jews had Jewish ancestry
themselves. Uh that's one point. But the
ancestry argument is a lot of it is
based on my ancestors own the land,
therefore I buy I inherit it. That's the
whole point of the argument that he was
he was bringing on. And it's just
ridiculous. It's like the Anglo-Saxons
in England or the English people
saying um
and and they've only been here for uh
what They came roughly roughly around uh
what what 6th 7th 7th 8th 9th centuries.
So, let's just say let's let's just say
1,300 years ish.
Um them saying, "Hey,
we come from Germany originally.
Uh so,
we have a right not only to go back to
Germany and get citizenship, but we have
a right to create our nation-state
and make the Germans um the minority in
some way, right? That we have a
privilege a preference.
shocking. That is I I and
So, one thing I will say is that
obviously Israel itself, I mean, almost
all organizations uh apart from
obviously the pro-Zionist ones have
labeled it as an apartheid regime. Uh
The reason why it's an apartheid regime
is because
of its racist, you know, treatment of
say, for example, Arabs. Can you tell us
something about that?
Oh, yeah. Well, I mean, when they
mention that they they look into
ancestry rights, um they're not really
serious about that.
It's because
they have a law about the right to
return. Yeah.
But it's not the right to return to
everyone that's ever had any ancestry in
that land because uh there are many, you
know, I said many Arabs or Palestinians
or whoever who have Canaanite ancestry,
they'll never give them um
citizenship, but they have a the law
specifies that not only uh can can Jews
claim a right to return, but uh
but only on condition that those Jews
basically have not converted to another
religion. So, so a Jewish person
of Jewish ancestry Mhm. on both sides of
the family
mother and father
converts to Islam or Christianity,
they will not be able to claim the right
of return Mhm. to the land of Palestine.
Wow. Even though their ancestry hasn't
changed. It doesn't change cuz you
convert to a different religion. But if
you're an atheist
or if you're uh a Jewish Jew, then
that's fine. Then your ancestry somehow
matters now. Wow. So, this just shows
you that they don't really care about
ancestry exactly. It's about the
supremacy of a particular identity.
Right.
And what most people forget is that the
the kind of the major the main Zionist
uh movement that was successful in
getting uh
uh getting the beginning of of the of
the the Israeli project project to to to
incept Israel were not actually
religious Jews. The The vast majority of
them uh Ben-Gurion himself were atheist
socialists. Mhm. Right? They were
nationalists and socialists and they
believed in Jewish nationalism uh with
They felt that only with having a a
national state for Jews could they
implement um a socialist system uh for
the Jewish people. And that's what They
didn't believe in religion. Uh for them
it was just a a kind of a a a romantic
historical land that they that was
useful, but Theodor Herzl, the one of
the main advocates of political Zionism,
Mhm. uh the one who really kind of got
the ball rolling seriously, uh he
actually was even He didn't even care so
much if it was even Palestine they get.
Maybe they said, "Well, maybe if we get
a place in Argentina." That's all Uh but
Argentina was actually one of the
considered options. What about one of
the African countries? That was Chaim
Weizmann.
What was it?
Sorry. Uh is it Uganda was it or Uganda
was was one option, but it wasn't a
serious actually as Argentina was
actually a serious option to the point
that Herzl didn't know whether he would
pick Argentina or Palestine cuz he felt
that Argentina had more arable land. It
was much more
um
good for growing things and living
there, whereas Palestine was more arid.
So, he actually preferred uh Palestine.
He even argued even mentioned that Jews
don't speak Hebrew anymore. Uh but
majority so, he didn't really uh he
didn't really even care whether they
spoke Hebrew, whether they lived in
Argentina. He wanted a national state
for Jews regardless of where it was was
going to be. I remember reading the
letters that Chaim Weizmann wrote back
and forth on this Uganda option.
And and you know, he was like, you know,
what? It's not This is not our you know,
homeland or whatever it is. And there
was this discussion this
right before the Balfour Declaration
actually. So, it was it's a very
interesting part of history and it's
if you look at it from a secular
perspective, I don't see any
justification of this stuff ever being
even plausible. I mean, but once again,
it's as if
they're living in alternate reality, but
it's being entertained by the likes of
Jordan Peterson, unfortunately.
Um now, I was going to ask about this
what I would say one of the thrusts of
main central the crux of his argument
really, which is that you know,
Palestine was desolate, was derelict.
And these Arabs were not doing anything
with it, quote unquote. Therefore, the
Jewish man needed to come in, for
example, the Jews needed to come in
uh to make something of the land uh as
Jordan Peterson, I think
uh said. What do you think of this?
Well, the claim that, you know, Mark
Twain and He had to get mentioned Mark
Twain.
yeah, pathetic. They came in and they
described Palestine as desolate. Well,
what what they don't mention is that
Mark Twain went to Syria and Lebanon and
Greece and said the same thing,
desolate, empty, barren. Oh, really? Cuz
there's there's a lot of areas that are
basically desert.
Oh, if he if he went to Canada, what
would he say? Yeah, pretty much. Um but
but what they don't tell you is that
many of these Why
these uh Christian American Many of the
American Christians were very interested
in going to Palestine. There was a lot
of interest was because of their um
Messianic belief that the Jews would
return back to Palestine before the
advent of Christ or to hasten the return
of Jesus. Uh you know, maybe encourage
things along, bring the Jews back. So,
that they were the It was Christian
Zionists
uh who in a way were the first um highly
vocal Zionists in the West. And they
weren't Jews. Mhm. And they were the
ones who kind of who were coining
phrases like um
a land without a people for a people
without a land. They were trying to
encourage it. So, they were going there
and just saying, "Yeah, it's all barren.
It's empty." Cuz there's
massive deserts. I mean, the Negev
desert in in Palestine is
pretty barren now. You know, does that
mean now that they would accept Arabs
coming back into the Well, they
wouldn't. So, just by saying there's
barren areas um doesn't really change
anything. They They say that they came
in and developed the land. That
Palestine has been being developed and
uh reconstructed with
uh Al-Quds
built and expanded over centuries and
centuries and centuries. The ultimate
had
development projects there, didn't they?
Yeah, that Well, um you know, they had
the
Hijaz railway, which
Exactly, yeah. linked
Arabia all the way, you know, going up
to Syria you know, eventually to
Constantinople um going through
Palestine. They had They were kind of
had trade routes via the ports in
Palestine um exporting fruits. Mhm. Uh
Palestine was known for fruits, actually
fruit exports. Um
also Still is actually. Dates and stuff.
of course. Of course there are oranges
and things like this. So, it had it had
all these different
arable products that was produced. So,
it had development. It had farming
lands. There was about the according to
Ottoman census, there was about at least
half a million people there. The people
say that that was underpopulated
compared to before. But the thing is
that the people in the land of Palestine
has fluctuated for centuries and
centuries. It's become quite heavily
populated, then not so much. It's an
unusual argument. It's a weird argument.
Like the people wouldn't mind them being
kicked out of their their homes and
their land because there's some empty
areas.
It's like, okay, so once again, the
Canada argument, or even the Russia
argument, or Greenland as you mentioned,
you know. I mean, this is I mean is this
is this the level of argumentation?
It's it's ridiculous.
The Ottomans were were modernizing the
the land before the British came and and
occupied it. So, then Benjamin Netanyahu
used an argument about his apartment.
That it's equivalent
owned an apartment or his grandfather an
apartment got kicked out, got taken over
by people who then got kicked out pretty
quickly, and then it was left in the as
a mess. Then he came back to the
apartment and rebuilt and renovated. Now
it's his. No.
To if you if I was to use an analogy
accurately, it's someone who
kicked someone else out the apartment,
Yes. stayed there for a bit, got kicked
out or left, uh left because
things weren't working out there or what
have you, spent
got another home, spent most of their
life in that other home, the vast
majority of their life in that other
home, and then felt like, hey, I want to
come back for I want to have a I want to
come back to that apartment at some
point, and even then it's not
it's a cousin and cousin a cousin cousin
cousin of theirs. I want to come back to
that apartment that I my ancestors once
took over at some point, and I'll kick
out everybody
that I don't like in there, and
and and then the argument
And you know what? AND THE ARGUMENT THAT
we renovated it.
It's like
I know. I know. I know.
Imagine you know what?
head of state Do you know what? Imagine
someone, right, stole your car, right?
They stole your car. Yeah. And then you
eventually the police found it, but he'd
put some extra rims on it. And he says,
it's my car now. Judge, it's my car. I
put rims.
You know, I put some like leather
trimmings and
I got fluffy dice on the
on the wing on the rearview mirror. It's
mine now. See, like everyone that steals
something does something with what they
steal at some
you know, if they intend to keep it.
Yeah. That's true. It's like, you know,
it's not finders keepers, it's stealers
keepers.
he went to MIT. His his father was meant
to be actually a historian. His And by
the way, guess what his specialism was?
Specialism was
Jewish history in the golden age of
jewelry.
His father's. And obviously that was the
Islamic
That was the Islamic period.
Islamic Spain. So, he knows all about
Islamic coexistence, conviviality, and
all these kind of things. Well, I said
they were Palestinian Jews that were So,
Palestinians who were Jewish and as well
as Samaritans, as Christians, and and
Muslims, all living there in Palestine
when the first migrations
came. The first migrations came into
Palestine under Ottoman period. They let
they Let let it, but then there was so
much influx
that they tried they said we're going to
have some restrictions because you just
can't have unrestricted migration into
any territory. And then when the British
came, they managed they made a a deal
with the the the the British say, you
know, we want to create a homeland,
which Britain kind of gave because it
was hoping to use Jewish influence in
the United States of America to get them
involved in in World War I to help them
join World War I in side of on side of
the British. kind of allies and so and
so forth. So, uh even though funnily
enough, the British had promised it to
Sherif Hussein, right?
the Sherif of
in Hijaz, who they said that if you help
us, we'll give you Al-Sham. We'll give
you the whole area. They made the first
promise to him. Of course, they broke
that, and then they made the Balfour
Declaration. Even though technically
speaking, the first promise is still
binding. Yeah, so people try to often
cite the Balfour Declaration gives it
more official sanction. That's that's
false. I mean, I mean, what what
authority What authority did they have
to to to do these lands anyway? I mean,
I promise you this land that's not mine.
And I promise you that land that's not
thing. And the thing is it's it's like
this is not this is
demeaning
that this is
you're operating on a land. It's this
historically humiliating
that you didn't even conquer.
That you required another great power to
conquer on your behalf. It's like I'm
going to bring my dad to
to deal with you, like, you know. Well,
my neighbor's dad to deal with you,
basically. And come over and
And I mean, so
those were lies.
The other lie that he mentioned
and it was quite significant is was that
the
You see, the issue is there's two issues
here. One is
um
whose whose state is it implemented in
in Palestine?
Which ethnicity is privileged? Yeah, of
course. So, if you want to argue that
you have a state that is equal to all
races or ethnicities or all religions or
whatever, um that would be one thing.
But to say it must be a Jewish
nation-state, not a state of Okay, not a
state of Canaan, Right? the Canaanite
state, yeah? Where any Canaanite is
welcome, yeah, who lives in that land,
anyone who has any ancestry of some
point to some that can can live there as
equal citizens. No, they have racial
laws that say only one type of ethnicity
has the right of return, no matter how
much diluted um
uh any Levantine connection, any
connection to to the Levant they're
from, uh even if they're more German
than they are uh Jewish or or from the
Levant or they're more Italian than they
are. Doesn't matter if they've got some
identity or or even
even if you have no or or ancestry to
Palestine, if you actually convert to
Judaism, which takes some time, but when
um when if you convert to Judaism, you
can then claim a right of return to
Palestine
um under Israeli laws.
So, they don't care about even
heritage. They care about identity,
right? identity. So, anyway, so the
other major lie that Benjamin Netanyahu
said and Jordan Peterson did not
challenge him on Yeah.
was the Nakba. Was the catastrophe that
happened to the Palestinians. Mhm. And
that was one where he the argument is,
and this is a typical Zionist trope.
They say that so the Palestinians were
living with the
with the the Jewish migrants that were
there. And everyone was and they
everyone wanted to live in peace and
then so and so forth. But then the Arab
armies came in,
and they told the Palestinians, uh you
you have to, you know, leave, so and
then you can go back to your houses
after we finish defeating um the Jews
and driving them into the sea, quote
unquote. That's what they they like to
cite um that.
That's just not true.
Uh so basically, long story short,
Palestine was a bit of a hot potato for
Britain. They wanted to extricate
themselves from it. It was taking up
resources. Uh there were many um Jewish
organizations that were engaged in
active terrorism against the British
because the British tried to the British
realized that they shouldn't
uh that they should not Like the Irgun
for example.
give Palestine to one to make it a state
based on one ethnicity, Yeah. right? Or
or give with ethnic privilege. Mhm. So,
they said, okay, look, we we when we
meant homeland for the Jews, we just
meant a place for you to go, but it
would be like a an equal state for
everybody. And the Zionists didn't want
that. And they wanted and they wanted to
restrict immigration because, okay, you
know, there's complaints about about
unfit immigration.
So, we'll listen to the Palestinian
concerns, and we'll
limit the immigration amounts to
reasonable levels.
Zionists were up on that, started a
terror campaigns. Hotels were bombed,
King David Hotel. Uh ships were bombed.
A ship carrying Jewish migrants that
were kind of prevented from docking was
bombed by
Zionist organization to make a point,
right? Um
People don't talk about that. Right?
People don't talk about that. So, so
Jews were being killed by these Zionist
terrorists just to make a point about
preventing um Jewish migration of
British policy. British people were
killed as well, right? I mean, that's
what we don't realize. Well, British
diplomats and so on, but but but uh the
greater tragedy is not just politi- it's
not politicians. Yeah. It's the it's the
men, women, and children Of course.
whether they are Arab or or Jew or
whoever who were killed, uh and they
were not involving themselves in in
fighting and and any of this kind of
stuff.
Those those terrorist organizations
later became the part the the Likud
party, basically. They were absorbed
into that party. Yeah, they became
eventually the right wing. So, the Irgun
and Lehi eventually would would form the
right wing parties in
or Likud Mhm. would would would
basically be that the descendants. And
recognized as as legitimate legal
parties.
Imagine if, for example, Osama bin
Laden,
you know, he had uh
done what he'd done or whatever, there's
some kind of 7/7 terrorist or I don't
know, whoever maybe.
And then afterwards they established a
political party, and
the the pre- the predecessors or sorry,
the subsequent leaders of that political
party
come and now are speaking freely, and
they're talking about justice and all
these kind of things.
I mean, it wouldn't be acceptable at
all. It's absolutely inconceivable. But
the fact that this was allowed for
uh for Israel
and that this is normal that this guy
can come with a suit and speak about his
He calls it adventures.
He adventures.
You know, his military campaigns and his
civilians and all of this kind of
in his premiership that he can do that.
It beggars belief, I think, you know.
Well, I mean, look.
Um
Benjamin Netanyahu, who is a politician,
he knows
Israeli history.
History of Israeli government and what
they what it's done. Um
he blatantly lied. I I um with something
that is like GCSE or like low uh was it
sec- secondary school or
lower high school, whatever country
you're in. Um
like
incorrect fact. It's not fact. He said
He said that the Israelis they declared
independence.
And then um the all the Arab regimes um
invaded and that's when the Palestinians
were getting kicked out. They were
weren't kicked out before then.
Yeah? That's a lie.
When the United Nations adopted the
resolution of a partition of of
Palestine,
a partition which by the way the
Zionists
uh
they said they accepted, but then they
started to conquer the areas that was
given by the UN to to um the
Palestinians.
Um so this was in 19 uh 1940s uh '47 on
November, the UN declaration is made.
Um
the uh
the Zionist kind of armed groups, Lehi,
Irgun, and all of this, cause
instigations, start violence on the
ground, and that begins what would
become the clearing operations by the
Haganah, the main Israeli defense force,
um of Arab villages. Um now, they were
told by Ben Gurion said that you can't
that at this time the the uh Jews were
not the majority in Palestine, and Ben
Gurion expressed concern that you can't
have a viable Jewish state
e- even if the Jews were just 60% of the
population, right? It's still not viable
because that 40% Arab they could And
this is
for those who don't know who who Ben
Gurion
So uh yeah, but Ben Gurion is was was
the first premier of of um Israel and
the lead of the Zionist um kind of
movement and party.
Uh a party is um
that that were in controlling the
Zionist movement before they became a
government. So, uh
he basically expressed that that he what
he had hoped what they had hoped is the
world expected
um were looking at them and they
couldn't say, "We're going to make it a
a a an ethno- an ethno-state." Yeah, for
with only one ethnic group.
Um they had to everyone was talking
about democracy. This is after World War
II. So they they said, "Okay, we we we
believe in democracy and yeah, we want
everyone to have equal rights
citizenship." So what they were hoping
was that they would get enough um Jewish
immigration into Palestine so that Jews
become such a majority that you can have
a free uh democracy,
uh but it would be a Jewish state, a
Jewish um privileging Jewish language,
uh Jewish identity because they would be
the majority. Mhm. You see? And no one
could reproach them cuz they could say,
"We're a fair equal state. Everyone's
got equal citizenship. We're just
majority Jewish, so that's going to of
course the state's going to be, you
know, of more Jewish character, but
that's just democracy, right?"
But at that point in time there wasn't
they didn't have enough numbers. Mhm.
Uh so they implemented a policy called
Plan Dalet, which was
uh
policy given to all the military
commanders that they would when they
would go they would basically um spread
the military force out to all the areas
that that the UN designate would be um
would be a partition to the Jewish
state,
and beyond into the those given to the
Palestinian state to get as much of
Palestine as possible as quickly as
possible. And any village they any Arab
village they encountered,
um if if they offered resistance or
shoot fight them. If they don't offer
resistance still,
uh consider whether they are in a
strategic location. If they are,
remove them. Ilan Pappé speaks about
this in great detail, doesn't he? Uh
yeah, he he does he looks at
declassified military files, which is
which shows records written by
uh Israeli military commanders on the
ground, right? Uh by the way, this is
all this is all before the state of
Israel is declared uh or independent or
even Which happens in what? May the
31st, 1948 or something? Uh so so
yeah, uh 1940 '48. So this is now '47 is
when it begins.
Um and so they are clearing
Palestinians. They kick out Palestinians
uh they begin clearing operations. They
kick out um uh hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians
before any Arab regime
expresses any interest, even any any
issue. It was actually because of the
there was massacres occurring, there was
uh villages being burnt down, there was
refugees refugees being created, which
were going into Arabic countries, the
surrounding ones. That's when they
expressed concern. They demanded the UN
act. They they said, "If they don't, we
have to come to rescue our our brothers
and sisters
who are being persecuted and being
kicked out because they're being kicked
out already. It's already happening."
And you know what the Arab League
actually did the the ultimatum it made?
It wasn't for Jews to leave. It wasn't
to be kicked out to the sea. They said,
um
"If uh you know, make it a whole one
whole state, not a partition state. Make
it one whole state. No one has to leave.
Just no more immigration. Just make it
right right. Press the stop stop button.
Here's a new state. One whole state.
Everyone who's there currently stays
there and will be citizens under in a
equal free democracy."
That was the Arab League's proposition.
Mhm. Yeah, Zionists don't like to talk
about that, but it's official. Yeah,
they said they proposed it as a
solution. But no, because why? Because
then uh Zionists knew that they wouldn't
be a majority in that state, and they
couldn't get their ethno-state with with
ethnic privilege.
You see?
And this so they of course they they
didn't want that. And of course then the
Arabs Arab uh League they they either
watched the Palestinians being
brutalized and massacred, women getting
shot, raped. Uh these things are
documented by Israeli commanders, which
are declassified and written by about by
Ilan Pappé, who is is a Jewish Israeli
historian who wrote about this, right?
And Zionists can't answer cuz these are
declassified documents. You can't argue
these are Palestinian forgeries. They
were declassified by the Israeli state
in their own um archives.
So these uh this clearing operation uh
continues um until yeah, May 1948, and
approximately about 700,000 Palestinian
Arabs are evicted from um from their
homes, either they reside in the West
Bank, Gaza, or in Syria, Jordan, um
Egypt, and so on and surrounding or
Lebanon.
So that's what happened before the state
of Israel is declared independent and
what have you. So Benjamin Netanyahu had
actually lied. The the clearing
operations, the kicking the the the the
the civil war, the Palestinian civil war
started long before the Arab states were
intervening, and they only wanted to
intervene uh to stop these these things
from happening.
And they made it they their proposition
to resolve the conflict was no
partition, make it one unitary state,
Arabs, Jews live together under a fair
and equal democracy. That was their
proposition. Not all Arab or Jews get
kicked out to the sea. No.
Yeah, that came from I think some
um some fringe personality in the Muslim
world making some rhetoric. But the Arab
League's official position it is it's
offered solution
was let's have a unitary state, one
state, everyone equal. That was not
accepted by the Zionists cuz then they
would they would lose ethnic ethnic
privilege. They wouldn't get the Jewish
nation-state that Zionism Zionism is all
about. Zionism isn't about Jews just
living in Palestine. It's about Jews
getting a privileged rulership
over Palestine against other
ethnicities. That's why they have racial
laws that say only certain types of
people of certain types of identity can
claim a right to return to um to
Palestine. But not Arabs who can who can
track their ancestry there for centuries
and centuries and centuries. No, you
don't get a right to return back to the
to the country. So, if if if Benjamin uh
Netanyahu talks about justice, um why
didn't Jordan Peterson call him out on
this, which is really basic?
Uh I mean, at least read Ilan Pappé
maybe even any book by his would have
would have or Norman Finkelstein would
have equipped Jordan Peterson with the
knowledge to basically deal with this.
And so, I think you've
summarized it quite well, and I thank
you for that, and people can watch your
5-hour debate with
the head of the what was it? Joseph
Cohen. Yeah, as a Zionist lobby or
whatever he is
whatever his position is.
But you've done these debates quite
regularly, and um alhamdulillah, you've
you've really summarized this very well.
I'm sure Jordan Peterson has watched at
least a part of this video. I'm hoping
that he watched it so he can give him
more
information about uh about these things.
Yeah, cuz look look
the thing is this, this is not some
academic um harmless academic discourse
that people can should have. Um this is
about people living and dying right now,
being persecuted. Absolutely. This is an
important discussion. Not an academic
discussion for people
uh
in some high tower at you know, at
university somewhere. This is something
that affects people's lives. I mean, the
the like the West Bank, people are
living in a behind walls, behind barbed
wire, all the the characteristics of
gulags that Jordan Peterson likes to
decry uh socialists as threatening to to
call for to bring in in Canada and the
United States of America Um
you know
the apartheid system that exists in in
Palestine currently. I mean sure there's
20% the 20% population of of Israel
Israeli Arabs. Yeah, they're not being a
part there's no apartheid against them
because 20% is a controllable population
in a democratic allows you to give a
facade of democracy
of a free democracy because they're
they're small in number
and also they make good cheap laborers
which you know any society
like like the ancient world needs a
slave class to do their their cheap
labor for them.
That's useful. But if you took down all
the barriers in the West Bank which the
West Bank Israel doesn't formally annex
it.
Why? Because then you'd have to give
equal citizenship to all the
Palestinians living there and in Gaza if
you do if you were to make it you know
what if Israel
was
recognized all of the lands it took over
as formally part of Israel it would have
to give equal citizenship to everyone
there. It wouldn't do so. Why? Because
if the walls of Gaza were taken down if
the walls in West Bank around area A and
B whatever were taken down
and everyone was given equal citizenship
they would be 50/50.
Jews
and Palestinian Arabs and that wouldn't
make for a Jewish ethno-state. So the
Zionists don't want to give the
Palestinians equal citizenship but they
don't want to let them have their
have complete independence because they
want to control that land. So they live
in this apartheid limbo of not a citizen
of of Israel but at the same time not
fully independent state themselves. And
they
confined to dare I say ghettos like the
Warsaw Ghetto except this has bigger
walls than the Warsaw Ghetto Ghetto that
was a World War reference.
So that's the situation that's happening
in Palestine. It's a serious situation.
I think that if Ben Shapiro or Benjamin
Netanyahu any other Zionist had the
courage of their convictions they should
face us in public debate and discussion.
They should yeah.
Fair time for each side you know
protected time no one will speak over
each other moderated everything like
this but if they are truly think they
are just
yeah if they truly think they are just
engage us in public debate. We're not
afraid. So what's their excuse? I don't
think they have one and uh
if they if they dodge us is I think now
the reason why they are doing so I've
made many videos about Ben Shapiro here
and they're very famous videos hundreds
of thousands I'm sure you've seen them
and I've
spoken to his colleague Jordan Peterson
twice. He knows who I am. He knows who
we are.
He's seen this video or at least parts
of it and if if it's a no then you know
you're punching a punching bag. You know
the the heavy bag they call it in boxing
you. The heavy bag doesn't punch back.
When Netanyahu can speak and he can make
all these
ridiculous claims and it goes unchecked
and he thinks he's
you know
that's not going to punch there's no
Jordan Peterson's not going to you know
how to be able to punch back. Canadian
psychiatrists aren't really going to
offer you much of a
no no no of a pushback despite what they
might promise they're going to they're
going to do.
Yeah and so this is this is where it is.
If you if you are men if you're true if
you're really men Netanyahu and Shapiro
and Co and these if you're real men you
know then why don't you face us? I mean
this is exactly right. Yeah we're
waiting you know.
We're waiting for the Send location.
Send the location. You know
I I would say that except for I wouldn't
do it in in
in so called Israel. The reason why is
because
we have to fear for our safety as well
brother. You know as soon as we go there
we know the story of Muslims going into
that place and being
roughed up by the people.
So it has to be in the west somewhere.
We'll we'll be there. You know this
helium voiced individual Ben Shapiro
you know and
Netanyahu two on two you know why not?
You know and Netanyahu
you know let's see if he's got if he's
talking about adventures and being a big
man and this I don't know how old he is
now 70 years old or 50 70 80 years old.
But you know what I make the I make the
the invitation open to all the Zionists
so if you want to
uh But but they have to have some level
you know you're now you know Any Zionist
that that pretend to be have any repute
well no You know you're one of the
heavyweights in the debating scene which
you have to you have to vet these guys
and see what their levels are. Well
probably literally now but
but what I I mean what I'd say is that
if you if they pretend any repute
then
if they are a advocate for the Zionism
and they are basically confident about
it then engage us. We will do we have a
fair platform engage us cuz we'll call
out the we'll call out lies that are
typically mentioned just like Benjamin
Netanyahu who said that in in that his
interview Jordan Peterson
you know Israel
was attacked in the Six-Day War
and you know after the after they they
they you know prayed Israel they were
attacked in the Six-Day War and they
forget that the 1957 Suez Crisis they
attacked Egypt without provocation and
in the Six-Day War they
it wasn't Egyptian army going into
Israel you know it was Israeli army
going into Sinai attacking Egypt down
there too. So the lie upon lie. So if
you do have the courage of your
convictions
then then face us please. Yeah please
face us. Maybe you'll need to take a few
tablets beforehand or some drugs or
something. Do what is necessary because
now you're going to lose face
in the community. uh At least we can
show the part we can we can show the
world the true face of
of Zionists of the weakness of their
arguments because as the Palestinian as
Palestinian brothers and sisters or the
ultimately as Muslims it should be us to
solve the problem. Yes. But um but the
the Palestinians must be known
accurately conveyed accurately to the
rest of the world to to bear witness to
justice inshallah. Inshallah with that
As-salamu alaykum warahmatullahi
wabarakatuh.
Hey you. Are you wasting your time on
social media again? Your brothers and
sisters in Islam net from Norway are
establishing a masjid a dawah center.
Establishing a masjid to convey the
message of Islam is one of the best
deeds a Muslim can do. There's a huge
need for it in Norway. You know this and
I know this. So that makes the reward
even greater. So give generously and
Allah Azzawajal will give you even more.